Documentation sys config (#168)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: docs/SystemConfiguration.md

# Default System Configuration

The following versions of Hashistack components are used for creating the system:

- **consul-template: 0.25.1**
- **consul: 1.8.1**
- **vault: 1.5.0**
- **nomad: 0.12.1**

The file holding the current version can be looked up [here](../ansible/group_vars/all/variables.yml)

#### **Nomad policies** added can be looked up in the following location: [nomad policies](../ansible/templates/nomad-policies/)

#### **Consul policies** added can be looked up in the following location: [consul policies](../ansible/templates/consul-policies/)

#### By default Consul Acl policies are enabled on the system and the default policy is set to allow.

# How to override the default System Configuration

> When the vagrant box is provisioned it reads the data from the following environment file [.env_default](../ansible/template/.env_default) inorder to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the vagrant box is provisioned it reads the data from the following environment file [.env_default](../ansible/template/.env_default) in order to set

```

For example, inorder to override the **consul acl default policy** from **allow** to **deny**, the following needs to be added to the **.env** file:<br/>
**consul_acl_default_policy=deny**<br/>
**TF_VAR_consul_acl_default_policy=deny**<br/>

# Test Configuration and Execution
The tests are run using [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) feature which makes it possible to automate, customize, and execute the software development workflows right in the repository. We utilize the **matrix testing strategy** to cover all the possible and logical combinations of the different properties and values that the components support.The [.env_override](../ansible/template/.env_override) file is used by the tests to override the values that are available in the .env_default file.<br/>

As of today, the following tests are executed whenever a Pull request is created :<br/>

1. test (consul_acl_enabled, consul_acl_allow, nomad_acl_enabled) : Here the tests are run on a system which is configured such that the consul policy is **enabled**, consul default acl policy is set to **allow** and nomad acl policy is **enabled**.<br/>

> 2. test (consul_acl_enabled, consul_acl_allow, nomad_acl_disabled) : Here the tests are run on a system which is configured such that the consul policy is **enabled**, consul default acl policy is set to **allow** and nomad acl policy is **disabled**.<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. test (consul_acl_enabled, consul_acl_allow, nomad_acl_disabled) : Here the tests are run on a system which is configured such that the consul policy is **enabled**, consul default acl policy is set to **allow** and nomad acl policy is **disabled**.

```

Reviewer 2: Break a line by using two newlines.

Author: Have incorporated the mentioned changes :+1:

> 2. test (consul_acl_enabled, consul_acl_allow, nomad_acl_disabled) : Here the tests are run on a system which is configured such that the consul policy is **enabled**, consul default acl policy is set to **allow** and nomad acl policy is **disabled**.<br/>

Reviewer: Could this be put in [README](README.md) instead, don't feel like `SystemConfiguration` is the right place to put it.

Author: Yeah..adding test section  just before the **Contribute** section
